enhancement(source metrics): Adding a histogram for event byte size (#19686)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/19686_element_size_histogram.enhancement.md

> Added a new histogram-type metric measuring the byte-size of individual elements received by endpoint sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new histogram metric, `component_received_bytes`, that measures the byte-size of individual events received by the following sources:

- source 1
- source 2
- source 3
```

We should call out each affected source here explicitly to make it easy for readers to understand which sources have this new metric.

Added a new histogram metric, `component_received_bytes`, that measures the byte-size of individual events received by the following sources:

- `socket`
- `statsd`
- `syslog`

> authors: Pablo E.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authors: pabloem
```
